Hello everybody and welcome to the section.
So what are we going to get up to.
Well there is so much to cover and we've got a relatively short space of time to do so but we're going
to end up with quite a compelling game by the end of it and in the next lecture I'll show you around
the level itself that we're going to put together Now I'm just going to refer to my notes here.
We're going to start off by simply setting up a branding project.
We've played in the unreal Ed but we've not actually created our brand new project from scratch before.
And that's what we're going to do in this case.
The next thing we're going to dive on over into is just making sure that we can layout a level something
that's compelling has a reason a back story to it.
So it's not just a test ground.
Now that is how we're going to produce a lot of our initial code and testing code.
We'll have a little sandbox environment that then will move over to a full level by the end of the section.
Now we'll be using new measures will be important things will be changing around materials so there's
a bit of customization of your level going on there and especially when it comes to doing things like
oh I want my war to be a little bit longer.
Well you're going to stretch the textures and make it look odd.
So how can we combat that.
We'll go through the simple things that you could do in order to do that.
We'll be going through and using C++ and a little bit of blueprints where blueprints make sense.
And that's the important thing.
We don't want to dive on and use just C++ when there's a great tool especially with blueprints called
the timeline and you'll see that when we come to opening and closing our doors and we'll also be calling
the c++ code from blueprints as well so we'll see the two way interaction that can happen there.
And there's gonna be so much more as well that we end up covering.
So I'm looking forward to going through this section with you.
And I'm really looking forward to being able to see what you create from it.
This is going to be a great exercise in you being able to take the learning journey that you've had
and perhaps applying your own models or a different asset pack and actually creating a different world
and how you interact with it is going to be phenomenal.
So I can't wait to see them.
So let's dive on over into setting up our first project.